Project-Lifecycle.md, before:

# JS Foundation Project Lifecycle

## Project Definition

The JS Foundation hosts several Projects. These Projects are autonomous from
each other. Projects are governed by their Maintainers with policy and
procedure guidance from the JS Foundation Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) or
by another leadership structure as defined in their governance policies. The TAC
also charters its own Working Groups for Foundation-wide and/or cross-Project
initiatives.

Projects that have graduated from the mentorship program may nominate a
representative to be appointed to the TAC.

## Mentorship

The purpose of mentorship is to support and mentor projects entering the
Foundation. The goal is for projects to be:

* Participatory
* Transparent
* Effective

While certain processes are strongly recommended based on the experiences of the
Foundation and its Projects, the goal of mentorship is not to enforce a specific
set of processes but to ensure that the processes adopted and accepted by a
project achieve these goals. Therefore, the requirements for graduating from
mentorship are based on metrics that demonstrate success in terms of these
values. These metrics are:

* Project's defined governing body is 5 members or greater
* No more than 1/3 of the defined governing body is affiliated with the same
employer.
* No more than 1/3 of any Project is affiliated with the same employer.
* The decision making and release process is documented and publicly accessible.
* Other metrics as defined by the applying Project during the application
process in cooperation with their mentor

A Project may apply to graduate from mentorship at any time by calling for a
vote in the TAC.

While a Project is under mentorship, it is assigned at least 1 [mentor][] who
is responsible for working with the Project to adopt policies and gain the
health and contributorship it will need in order to graduate from mentorship.
The mentor list is nominated and approved by the TAC and may be larger than the
TAC.

## Lifecycle

The Foundation shall encourage new Projects and innovation in the community. New
Projects enter the JS Foundation through a [Proposal][].

The Project should be considered mature and have a history of releases before
applying to enter the Foundation. Exceptions may be made to this rule for
younger projects that have shown potential or have been created in response to
existing Foundation goals on a case-by-case basis at the TAC's discretion.

## Working Group Requirements

All WGs and other project level governing bodies are expected to operate in a
transparent manner. Decisions must be made publicly through a documented public
process managed by each governing body and must use a participatory decision
making process.

### Security

All Projects in the Foundation share the same base security policy. The
Foundation's security team triages issues sent to security@js.foundation.

## Decision Making Process

All WGs and other project level governing bodies must follow a
[Consensus Seeking][] process and are responsible for documenting and keeping up
to date their current processes and practices.

Each Project that has graduated from the mentorship program may nominate a
representative for appointment to the JS Foundation TAC or choose to abstain
from representation on the TAC.

## Applying to join

A proposal to join the JS Foundation as a Project or Working Group must
include:

* Introduction and Project description.
* Project history.
* Any available metrics or even estimates about the user base, ecosystem
and community.
* Project scope.
* Current governance process.
* Current contribution process.
* List of current tools in use by the project (forums, issue trackers,
  GitHub orgs, etc).
* Existing IP Policy and relevant intellectual property (trademarks,
  domain names, etc).
* List of initial Project Collaborators and Maintainers.
* List of initial Working Groups, if any.
* Prior to being admitted, the project must include:
 * [CLA][]
 * an [approved license][]. If it is not currently under an approved license, it
 will need to be cleared by the TAC and the JS Foundation Legal Committee or
 Board of Directors prior to acceptance into the mentorship program.
 * a [Code of Conduct][].

Each proposal should be sent as a pull request to this repository in the
Applications directory. Proposals do not have to be complete to be submitted,
the TAC can work with the authors and their respective communities in each pull
request.

### Approved Licenses

The Foundation, by default, will accept the Apache 2.0 license for any project
joining the Foundation. Other licenses may be accepted on a case-by-case basis.

### Admittance

The JS Foundation selects Projects for admission as mentors become available.

You may apply at any time and the TAC and available mentors will help improve
your application while awaiting the next available approval phase.

### Graduation

Projects, in cooperation with their mentor, may apply to graduate from the mentorship program at any time when they feel they are in compliance with the requirements, policies and guidelines as set forth by the TAC and their mentor. To apply, a project should update the contents of their original application to include any changes they have made to their Project during the mentorship process and submit that as a Pull Request to the TAC repo's "Projects" folder and also move their Project name from the Mentorship Projects section to the Graduate Projects section of the TAC repo README. A Project will be considered graduated from the Mentorship Program when this PR has been merged by the TAC.

[mentor]:https://github.com/JSFoundation/TAC/blob/master/README.md#mentors
[Proposal]: #applying-to-join
[Consensus Seeking]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consensus-seeking_decision-making
[CLA]: https://js.foundation/CLA/
[approved license]: #approved-licenses
[Code of Conduct]: https://js.foundation/conduct/

Commit message:

Add email option to project application process

Project-Lifecycle.md, after:

# JS Foundation Project Lifecycle

## Project Definition

The JS Foundation hosts several Projects. These Projects are autonomous from
each other. Projects are governed by their Maintainers with policy and
procedure guidance from the JS Foundation Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) or
by another leadership structure as defined in their governance policies. The TAC
also charters its own Working Groups for Foundation-wide and/or cross-Project
initiatives.

Projects that have graduated from the mentorship program may nominate a
representative to be appointed to the TAC.

## Mentorship

The purpose of mentorship is to support and mentor projects entering the
Foundation. The goal is for projects to be:

* Participatory
* Transparent
* Effective

While certain processes are strongly recommended based on the experiences of the
Foundation and its Projects, the goal of mentorship is not to enforce a specific
set of processes but to ensure that the processes adopted and accepted by a
project achieve these goals. Therefore, the requirements for graduating from
mentorship are based on metrics that demonstrate success in terms of these
values. These metrics are:

* Project's defined governing body is 5 members or greater
* No more than 1/3 of the defined governing body is affiliated with the same
employer.
* No more than 1/3 of any Project is affiliated with the same employer.
* The decision making and release process is documented and publicly accessible.
* Other metrics as defined by the applying Project during the application
process in cooperation with their mentor

A Project may apply to graduate from mentorship at any time by calling for a
vote in the TAC.

While a Project is under mentorship, it is assigned at least 1 [mentor][] who
is responsible for working with the Project to adopt policies and gain the
health and contributorship it will need in order to graduate from mentorship.
The mentor list is nominated and approved by the TAC and may be larger than the
TAC.

## Lifecycle

The Foundation shall encourage new Projects and innovation in the community. New
Projects enter the JS Foundation through a [Proposal][].

The Project should be considered mature and have a history of releases before
applying to enter the Foundation. Exceptions may be made to this rule for
younger projects that have shown potential or have been created in response to
existing Foundation goals on a case-by-case basis at the TAC's discretion.

## Working Group Requirements

All WGs and other project level governing bodies are expected to operate in a
transparent manner. Decisions must be made publicly through a documented public
process managed by each governing body and must use a participatory decision
making process.

### Security

All Projects in the Foundation share the same base security policy. The
Foundation's security team triages issues sent to security@js.foundation.

## Decision Making Process

All WGs and other project level governing bodies must follow a
[Consensus Seeking][] process and are responsible for documenting and keeping up
to date their current processes and practices.

Each Project that has graduated from the mentorship program may nominate a
representative for appointment to the JS Foundation TAC or choose to abstain
from representation on the TAC.

## Applying to join

A proposal to join the JS Foundation as a Project or Working Group must
include:

* Introduction and Project description.
* Project history.
* Any available metrics or even estimates about the user base, ecosystem
and community.
* Project scope.
* Current governance process.
* Current contribution process.
* List of current tools in use by the project (forums, issue trackers,
  GitHub orgs, etc).
* Existing IP Policy and relevant intellectual property (trademarks,
  domain names, etc).
* List of initial Project Collaborators and Maintainers.
* List of initial Working Groups, if any.
* Prior to being admitted, the project must include:
 * [CLA][]
 * an [approved license][]. If it is not currently under an approved license, it
 will need to be cleared by the TAC and the JS Foundation Legal Committee or
 Board of Directors prior to acceptance into the mentorship program.
 * a [Code of Conduct][].

Each proposal should be sent as a pull request to this repository in the
Applications directory. Proposals do not have to be complete to be submitted,
the TAC can work with the authors and their respective communities in each pull
request.

In addition to the pull request, please send a brief email to projects@js.foundation to introduce yourself and give us an additional communcation channel in case there are any sensitive topics to discuss around your application. Also, if you or your organizations would prefer to discuss the application in private before sending a public PR application, you may submit your application as a document, gist, etc to projects@js.foundation and we will discuss the application with you there.

### Approved Licenses

The Foundation, by default, will accept the Apache 2.0 license for any project
joining the Foundation. Other licenses may be accepted on a case-by-case basis.

### Admittance

The JS Foundation selects Projects for admission as mentors become available.

You may apply at any time and the TAC and available mentors will help improve
your application while awaiting the next available approval phase.

### Graduation

Projects, in cooperation with their mentor, may apply to graduate from the mentorship program at any time when they feel they are in compliance with the requirements, policies and guidelines as set forth by the TAC and their mentor. To apply, a project should update the contents of their original application to include any changes they have made to their Project during the mentorship process and submit that as a Pull Request to the TAC repo's "Projects" folder and also move their Project name from the Mentorship Projects section to the Graduate Projects section of the TAC repo README. A Project will be considered graduated from the Mentorship Program when this PR has been merged by the TAC.

[mentor]:https://github.com/JSFoundation/TAC/blob/master/README.md#mentors
[Proposal]: #applying-to-join
[Consensus Seeking]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consensus-seeking_decision-making
[CLA]: https://js.foundation/CLA/
[approved license]: #approved-licenses
[Code of Conduct]: https://js.foundation/conduct/
