README.md, before:

# The JS Foundation Technical Governance

The JS Foundation Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) and Collaboration
Boards (CB) are the technical governing body of the JS Foundation. The goals
of this technical structure are to:

1. **Separate the business aspects from the technical aspects of the
Foundation.**  
The Executive Director, Board of Directors and others under their direction
focus on fundraising and strategic goals for the Foundation. The goal here is to
create a project-oriented structure to provide help and mentorship to projects.

2. **Establish a set of best practices for sustaining open source projects.**  
This organization should create sample policies that provide guide rails and
suggestions. Projects know their communities best and can tailor these practices
to ensure their projects are sustainable.

3. **Separate policy review from writing code and running a project.**  
There will often be overlap in the people reviewing policies and those writing
code or running a project. A separate process within the organization structure
that focuses on policy review lets them take a step back and review the
project’s overall health.

4. **Have an independent group acting as an advocate for the project
community.**  
From the inside of a single project, it is often difficult to see opportunities
for collaboration or know when the project has run into problems that could be
solved by outside assistance. A group with a wider perspective can help.

5. **Tailor involvement with the Foundation to fit project needs.**  
Some projects have chosen the Foundation primarily to hold mature code bases
that need few changes. Others are looking for help in managing growing code and
communities. These projects have different needs and the Foundation wants to
accommodate both.

The TAC also admits all Projects into the JS Foundation as well as charters
all CBs and Working Groups (WG). It also elects a representative to the JS
Foundation Board of Directors.

For more details read the [TAC Charter][] ratified by the JS Foundation Board
of Directors on November 9, 2016.

If your project is interested in joining the JS Foundation please read the
[Project Lifecycle.md][] documentation.

## TAC Members

TAC members are responsible for top level technical community concerns and
promoting collaboration both within and among the many projects in the JS
Foundation. The role is mostly administrative and is responsible for advocating
the needs of the technical side of the Foundation to the JS Foundation Board
of Directors.

Candidates for membership in the TAC tend to be people who have a competency for
community management and a high tolerance and patience for process minutiae as
the TAC delegates most of its responsibilities to other Projects, CBs and
Working Groups.

The number of TAC members, term lengths and additional information can be found
in the [TAC Charter][].

## CBs, Projects and WGs

### CBs and Projects
* JS Foundation Projects
  * At-large Projects (listed alphabetically)
    * [Chassis][]
    * [Dojo][]
    * [ESLint][]
    * [Esprima][]
    * [Globalize][]
    * [Grunt][]
    * [Intern][]
    * [Jed][]
    * [jQuery][]
    * [jQuery Mobile][]
    * [jQuery UI][]
    * [Lodash][]
    * [MessageFormat][]
    * [PEP][]
    * [QUnit][]
    * [RequireJS][]
    * [Sizzle][]
  * Mentorship Program Projects and Mentors
    * [Appium][]
      * Brian LeRoux
    * [Interledger.js][]
      * Mike Sherov
    * [JerryScript][]
      * Dave Methvin
    * [Mocha][]
      * Adam Ulvi
    * [Moment][]
      * Anne-Gaelle Colom
    * [Node-RED][]
      * Myles Borins
    * [webpack][]
      * Dave Methvin

### At-large Projects
At-large projects in the JS Foundation are a group of projects that do not
currently belong to a CB. These projects tend to be mature projects in a more
steady state rather than highly active projects with growing contributor bases.
These projects may remain in this state indefinitely or may form/join a CB when
an appropriate fit is determined through participation in the Mentorship
Program.

### Mentors
Project mentorship is not a technical role. In fact, mentors are discouraged
from giving technical advice to Projects. Instead, the purpose of mentorship is
to encourage and improve a Project's ability to be participatory, transparent,
and effective. Mentors are there to help Projects adopt and iterate on policies
and processes that achieve these goals and eventually allow them to graduate the
mentorship phase.

### [Working Groups][]

## Policy Change Proposal Process

The JS Foundation TAC is chartered, subject to such policies as may be set
by the Board of Directors, to ensure collaboration is the driving principle
within a Project, between JS Foundation Projects, and between JS Foundation
Projects and the broader community. The TAC is also responsible for chartering
CBs and WGs. CBs and Working Groups have broad powers of self-governance as
defined by the policies in their charter.

To propose a change or addition to policies or processes that are intended to
cover all Projects and Working Groups in the Foundation, a PR should be opened
in the `JSFoundation/TAC` repository.

The pull request can be labeled `TAC-agenda` to request that it be put on the
agenda for the next TAC meeting.

The JS Foundation Board of Directors retains certain rights (especially
legal considerations). If the TAC endorses a proposal, they will escalate to the
JS Foundation Board of Directors when required to do so.

In some cases, existing individual groups have the right to refuse changes to
their charters. The TAC can not mandate that existing CBs or WGs alter their
charters. If such a situation arises, the TAC may decide to revoke the group's
charter.

## Org Charts
To illustrate the structure of the JS Foundation's governance and technical
leadership, we have created a [General Org Structure Overview][] chart and will
add a Detailed Technical Org Structure chart once complete for reference.

## Credits
This repository of policies, procedures and information regarding the JS
Foundation TAC is based heavily on the
[Node.js Foundation TSC repository][].

[TAC Charter]: https://github.com/JSFoundation/TAC/blob/master/TAC-Charter.md
[Project Lifecycle.md]: Project-Lifecycle.md
[jQuery]: https://jquery.com
[Dojo]: https://dojotoolkit.org
[Sizzle]: https://sizzlejs.com
[Globalize]: https://globalizejs.com
[Jed]: https://slexaxton.github.io/Jed/
[MessageFormat]: https://messageformat.github.io/
[PEP]: https://github.com/jquery/PEP
[Intern]: https://theintern.github.io/intern/
[QUnit]: https://qunitjs.com
[ESLint]: http://eslint.org
[Esprima]: http://esprima.org/
[Grunt]: http://gruntjs.com/
[Chassis]: https://css-chassis.com/
[Dijit]: https://dojotoolkit.org/reference-guide/1.10/dijit/
[jQuery Mobile]: https://jquerymobile.com
[jQuery UI]: https://jqueryui.com
[Lodash]: https://lodash.com/
[RequireJS]: https://requirejs.org/
[Appium]: http://appium.io
[Interledger.js]: http://interledgerjs.org
[JerryScript]: http://jerryscript.net
[Mocha]: http://mochajs.org
[Moment]: http://momentjs.com
[Node-RED]: http://nodered.org
[webpack]: http://webpack.js.org
[Working Groups]: WORKING_GROUPS.md
[General Org Structure Overview]: General-Org-Structure-Overview.pdf
[Node.js Foundation TSC repository]: https://github.org/nodejs/TSC/

Commit message:

Remove the CB construct and all references to CBs (#17)
* Remove the CB construct and all references to CBs

* Add project graduation to the life cycle document

README.md, after:

# The JS Foundation Technical Governance

The JS Foundation Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) is the technical governing
body of the JS Foundation. The goals of this technical structure are to:

1. **Separate the business aspects from the technical aspects of the
Foundation.**  
The Executive Director, Board of Directors and others under their direction
focus on fundraising and strategic goals for the Foundation. The goal here is to
create a project-oriented structure to provide help and mentorship to projects.

2. **Establish a set of best practices for sustaining open source projects.**  
This organization should create sample policies that provide guide rails and
suggestions. Projects know their communities best and can tailor these practices
to ensure their projects are sustainable.

3. **Separate policy review from writing code and running a project.**  
There will often be overlap in the people reviewing policies and those writing
code or running a project. A separate process within the organization structure
that focuses on policy review lets them take a step back and review the
project’s overall health.

4. **Have an independent group acting as an advocate for the project
community.**  
From the inside of a single project, it is often difficult to see opportunities
for collaboration or know when the project has run into problems that could be
solved by outside assistance. A group with a wider perspective can help.

5. **Tailor involvement with the Foundation to fit project needs.**  
Some projects have chosen the Foundation primarily to hold mature code bases
that need few changes. Others are looking for help in managing growing code and
communities. These projects have different needs and the Foundation wants to
accommodate both.

The TAC also admits all Projects into the JS Foundation as well as charters
all Working Groups (WG). It also elects a representative to the JS Foundation
Board of Directors.

For more details read the [TAC Charter][] ratified by the JS Foundation Board
of Directors on November 9, 2016.

If your project is interested in joining the JS Foundation please read the
[Project Lifecycle.md][] documentation.

## TAC Members

TAC members are responsible for top level technical community concerns and
promoting collaboration both within and among the many projects in the JS
Foundation. The role is mostly administrative and is responsible for advocating
the needs of the technical side of the Foundation to the JS Foundation Board
of Directors.

Candidates for membership in the TAC tend to be people who have a competency for
community management and a high tolerance and patience for process minutiae as
the TAC delegates most of its responsibilities to other Projects and Working
Groups.

The number of TAC members, term lengths and additional information can be found
in the [TAC Charter][].

## Projects and WGs

### Projects
* JS Foundation Projects
  * At-large Projects (listed alphabetically)
    * [Chassis][]
    * [Dojo][]
    * [ESLint][]
    * [Esprima][]
    * [Globalize][]
    * [Grunt][]
    * [Intern][]
    * [Jed][]
    * [jQuery][]
    * [jQuery Mobile][]
    * [jQuery UI][]
    * [Lodash][]
    * [MessageFormat][]
    * [PEP][]
    * [QUnit][]
    * [RequireJS][]
    * [Sizzle][]
  * Mentorship Program Projects and Mentors
    * [Appium][]
      * Brian LeRoux
    * [Interledger.js][]
      * Mike Sherov
    * [JerryScript][]
      * Dave Methvin
    * [Mocha][]
      * Adam Ulvi
    * [Moment][]
      * Anne-Gaelle Colom
    * [Node-RED][]
      * Myles Borins
    * [webpack][]
      * Dave Methvin

### At-large Projects
At-large projects in the JS Foundation are a group of projects that have not
gone through the mentorship program. These projects tend to be mature projects
in a more steady state rather than highly active projects with growing
contributor bases. These projects may remain in this state indefinitely or may
apply to the Mentorship Program if they feel it would benefit their project to
do so.

### Mentors
Project mentorship is not a technical role. In fact, mentors are discouraged
from giving technical advice to Projects. Instead, the purpose of mentorship is
to encourage and improve a Project's ability to be participatory, transparent,
and effective. Mentors are there to help Projects adopt and iterate on policies
and processes that achieve these goals and eventually allow them to graduate the
mentorship phase.

### [Working Groups][]

## Policy Change Proposal Process

The JS Foundation TAC is chartered, subject to such policies as may be set
by the Board of Directors, to ensure collaboration is the driving principle
within a Project, between JS Foundation Projects, and between JS Foundation
Projects and the broader community. The TAC is also responsible for chartering
WGs. Working Groups have broad powers of self-governance as defined by the
policies in their charter.

To propose a change or addition to policies or processes that are intended to
cover all Projects and Working Groups in the Foundation, a PR should be opened
in the `JSFoundation/TAC` repository.

The pull request can be labeled `TAC-agenda` to request that it be put on the
agenda for the next TAC meeting.

The JS Foundation Board of Directors retains certain rights (especially
legal considerations). If the TAC endorses a proposal, they will escalate to the
JS Foundation Board of Directors when required to do so.

In some cases, existing individual groups have the right to refuse changes to
their charters. The TAC can not mandate that existing WGs alter their charters.
If such a situation arises, the TAC may decide to revoke the group's charter.

## Org Charts
To illustrate the structure of the JS Foundation's governance and technical
leadership, we have created a [General Org Structure Overview][] chart and will
add a Detailed Technical Org Structure chart once complete for reference.

## Credits
This repository of policies, procedures and information regarding the JS
Foundation TAC was inspired by the
[Node.js Foundation TSC repository][].

[TAC Charter]: https://github.com/JSFoundation/TAC/blob/master/TAC-Charter.md
[Project Lifecycle.md]: Project-Lifecycle.md
[jQuery]: https://jquery.com
[Dojo]: https://dojotoolkit.org
[Sizzle]: https://sizzlejs.com
[Globalize]: https://globalizejs.com
[Jed]: https://slexaxton.github.io/Jed/
[MessageFormat]: https://messageformat.github.io/
[PEP]: https://github.com/jquery/PEP
[Intern]: https://theintern.github.io/intern/
[QUnit]: https://qunitjs.com
[ESLint]: http://eslint.org
[Esprima]: http://esprima.org/
[Grunt]: http://gruntjs.com/
[Chassis]: https://css-chassis.com/
[Dijit]: https://dojotoolkit.org/reference-guide/1.10/dijit/
[jQuery Mobile]: https://jquerymobile.com
[jQuery UI]: https://jqueryui.com
[Lodash]: https://lodash.com/
[RequireJS]: https://requirejs.org/
[Appium]: http://appium.io
[Interledger.js]: http://interledgerjs.org
[JerryScript]: http://jerryscript.net
[Mocha]: http://mochajs.org
[Moment]: http://momentjs.com
[Node-RED]: http://nodered.org
[webpack]: http://webpack.js.org
[Working Groups]: WORKING_GROUPS.md
[General Org Structure Overview]: General-Org-Structure-Overview.pdf
[Node.js Foundation TSC repository]: https://github.org/nodejs/TSC/
