BasePolicies/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, before:

## Technical Steering Committee and Working Group Code of Conduct Template

Every Technical Steering Committee (TSC) and Working Group (WG) must have a Code
of Conduct. By default, all repositories under the jQuery Foundation owned
GitHub organizations fall under the [jQuery Foundation Code of Conduct][], but
TSCs and WGs can choose to define their own alternative policy. If the TC or WG
does choose it's own Code of Conduct, it must be documented in a
`CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md` file located in the root of any repository under their
stewardship.

Note that the Code of Conduct adopted by a TSC or WG will be evaluated by the CB
prior to ratifying the proposed charter. If that Code of Conduct is considered
to be weaker than, or diverges too significantly from, the
[jQuery Foundation Code of Conduct][], the CB may defer accepting the charter
until corrections are made.

Likewise, if the Code of Conduct changes after the TSC or WG has already been
chartered and the CB determines that the updated Code of Conduct is weaker than,
or diverges too significantly from, the [jQuery Foundation Code of Conduct][],
the CB or any Collaborator may request that further corrections be made by
opening an issue or a PR in the TSC's or WG's repository. Should the TSC or WG
choose not to adopt the recommended changes, the TSC's or WG's charter may be
revoked.

### Template: *[insert TSC or WG name]* Code of Conduct

The [jQuery Foundation Code of Conduct][] applies to this *[TSC or WG]*.

[jQuery Foundation Code of Conduct]: https://jquery.org/conduct/

Commit message:

Change terminology and clarifications based on project feedback

BasePolicies/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, after:

## Collaboration Board, Working Group and Project Code of Conduct Template

Every Collaboration Board (CB), Working Group (WG) or other defined governing
body must have a Code of Conduct. By default, all repositories under the jQuery
Foundation owned GitHub organizations fall under the
[jQuery Foundation Code of Conduct][], but CBs, WGs and other defined governing
bodies can choose to define their own alternative policy. If the governing body
does choose it's own Code of Conduct, it must be documented in a
`CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md` file located in the root of any repository under their
stewardship.

Note that the Code of Conduct adopted by any governing body will be evaluated by
the TAC prior to ratifying the proposed charter. If that Code of Conduct is
considered to be weaker than, or diverges too significantly from, the
[jQuery Foundation Code of Conduct][], the TAC may defer accepting the charter
until corrections are made.

Likewise, if the Code of Conduct changes after the governing body has already
been chartered and the TAC determines that the updated Code of Conduct is weaker
than, or diverges too significantly from, the
[jQuery Foundation Code of Conduct][], the TAC or any Collaborator may request
that further corrections be made by opening an issue or a PR in the governing
body's repository. Should the governing body choose not to adopt the recommended
changes, the governing body's charter may be revoked.

### Template: *[insert TSC or WG name]* Code of Conduct

The [jQuery Foundation Code of Conduct][] applies to this *[TSC or WG]*.

[jQuery Foundation Code of Conduct]: https://jquery.org/conduct/
