BasePolicies/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# jQuery Foundation Community Contributing Guide 1.0

This document describes a very simple process suitable for most projects in the
jQuery Foundation ecosystem. Projects are encouraged to adopt this whether they
are hosted in the jQuery Foundation or not.

The goal of this document is to create a contribution process that:

* Encourages new contributions.
* Encourages contributors to remain involved.
* Avoids unnecessary processes and bureaucracy whenever possible.
* Creates a transparent decision making process which makes it clear how
contributors can be involved in decision making.

## Vocabulary

* A **Contributor** is any individual creating or commenting on an issue or pull
request.
* A **Committer** is a subset of contributors who have been given write
access to the repository.
* A **TSC (Technical Steering Committee)** is a group
of committers representing the required technical expertise to resolve rare
disputes.

# Logging Issues

Log an issue for any question or problem you might have. When in doubt, log an
issue, any additional policies about what to include will be provided in the
responses. The only exception is security disclosures which should be sent
privately.

Committers may direct you to another repository, ask for additional
clarifications, and add appropriate metadata before the issue is addressed.

Please be courteous, respectful, and every participant is expected to follow the
project's Code of Conduct.

# Contributions

Any change to resources in this repository must be through pull requests. This
applies to all changes to documentation, code, binary files, etc. Even long term
committers and CB/TSC members must use pull requests.

No pull request can be merged without being reviewed.

For non-trivial contributions, pull requests should sit for at least 36 hours to
ensure that contributors in other time zones have time to review. Consideration
should also be given to weekends and other holiday periods to ensure active
committers all have reasonable time to become involved in the discussion and
review process if they wish.

The default for each contribution is that it is accepted once no committer has
an objection and it is determined the contributor has signed the
[jQuery Foundation CLA][]. During review committers may also request that a
specific contributor who is most versed in a particular area gives a "LGTM"
before the PR can be merged. There is no additional "sign off" process for
contributions to land. Once all issues brought by committers are addressed it
can be landed by any committer.

In the case of an objection being raised in a pull request by another committer,
all involved committers should seek to arrive at a consensus by way of
addressing concerns being expressed by discussion, compromise on the proposed
change, or withdrawal of the proposed change.

If a contribution is controversial and committers cannot agree about how to get
it to land or if it should land then it should be escalated to the TSC. TSC
members should regularly discuss pending contributions in order to find a
resolution. It is expected that only a small minority of issues be brought to
the TSC for resolution and that discussion and compromise among committers be
the default resolution mechanism.

# Becoming a Committer

All contributors who land a non-trivial contribution should be on-boarded in a
timely manner, and added as a committer, and be given write access to the
repository.

Committers are expected to follow this policy and continue to send pull
requests, go through proper review, and have other committers merge their pull
requests.

# TSC Process

The TSC uses a "consensus seeking" process for issues that are escalated to the
TSC. The group tries to find a resolution that has no open objections among TSC
members. If a consensus cannot be reached that has no objections then a majority
wins vote is called. It is also expected that the majority of decisions made by
the TSC are via a consensus seeking process and that voting is only used as a
last-resort.

Resolution may involve returning the issue to committers with suggestions on how
to move forward towards a consensus. It is not expected that a meeting of the
TSC will resolve all issues on its agenda during that meeting and may prefer to
continue the discussion happening among the committers.

Members can be added to the TSC at any time. Any committer can nominate another
committer to the TSC and the TSC uses its standard consensus seeking process to
evaluate whether or not to add this new member. Members who do not participate
consistently at the level of a majority of the other members are expected to
resign.

[jQuery Foundation CLA]: https://contribute.jquery.org/CLA/

Commit message:

Change terminology and clarifications based on project feedback

BasePolicies/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# jQuery Foundation Community Contributing Guide 1.0

This document describes a very simple process suitable for most projects in the
jQuery Foundation ecosystem. Projects are encouraged to adopt this whether they
are hosted in the jQuery Foundation or not.

The goal of this document is to create a contribution process that:

* Encourages new contributions.
* Encourages contributors to remain involved.
* Avoids unnecessary processes and bureaucracy whenever possible.
* Creates a transparent decision making process which makes it clear how
contributors can be involved in decision making.

## Vocabulary

* A **Contributor** is any individual creating or commenting on an issue or pull
request.
* A **Committer** is a subset of contributors who have been given write
access to the repository.
* A **Collaboration Board (CB)** is a group of committers and other
representatives from the Project(s) community representing the required
technical and advisory expertise to guide the Project(s) in policy review and
enforcement, to encourage openness and a participatory environment and to
resolve rare technical disputes.

# Logging Issues

Log an issue for any question or problem you might have. When in doubt, log an
issue, any additional policies about what to include will be provided in the
responses. The only exception is security disclosures which should be sent
privately.

Committers may direct you to another repository, ask for additional
clarifications, and add appropriate metadata before the issue is addressed.

Please be courteous, respectful, and every participant is expected to follow the
Project's Code of Conduct.

# Contributions

Any change to resources in this repository must be through pull requests. This
applies to all changes to documentation, code, binary files, etc. Even long term
committers and TAC/CB members must use pull requests.

No pull request can be merged without being reviewed.

For non-trivial contributions, pull requests should sit for at least 36 hours to
ensure that contributors in other time zones have time to review. Consideration
should also be given to weekends and other holiday periods to ensure active
committers all have reasonable time to become involved in the discussion and
review process if they wish.

The default for each contribution is that it is accepted once no committer has
an objection and it is determined the contributor has signed the
[jQuery Foundation CLA][]. During review, committers may also request that a
specific contributor who is most versed in a particular area gives a "LGTM"
before the PR can be merged. There is no additional "sign off" process for
contributions to land. Once all issues brought by committers are addressed it
can be landed by any committer.

In the case of an objection being raised in a pull request by another committer,
all involved committers should seek to arrive at a consensus by way of
addressing concerns being expressed by discussion, compromise on the proposed
change, or withdrawal of the proposed change.

If a contribution is controversial and committers cannot agree about how to get
it to land or if it should land then it should be escalated to the CB. It is
expected that only a small minority of issues be brought to the CB for
resolution and that discussion and compromise among Committers be the default
resolution mechanism.

# Becoming a Committer

All Contributors who land a non-trivial contribution should be on-boarded in a
timely manner, and added as a Committer, and be given write access to the
repository.

Committers are expected to follow this policy and continue to send pull
requests, go through proper review, and have other Committers merge their pull
requests.

# CB Process

The CB uses a "consensus seeking" process for issues that are escalated to the
CB. The group tries to find a resolution that has no open objections among CB
members. If a consensus cannot be reached that has no objections then a majority
wins vote is called. It is also expected that the majority of decisions made by
the CB are via a consensus seeking process and that voting is only used as a
last-resort.

Resolution may involve returning the issue to Committers with suggestions on how
to move forward towards a consensus. It is not expected that a meeting of the
CB will resolve all issues on its agenda during that meeting and may prefer to
continue the discussion happening among the Committers.

Members can be added to the CB at any time. Any Committer can nominate another
Committer or other qualified community member to the CB and the CB uses its
standard consensus seeking process to evaluate whether or not to add this new
member. Members who do not participate consistently at the level of a majority
of the other members are expected to resign.

[jQuery Foundation CLA]: https://contribute.jquery.org/CLA/
