BasePolicies/Governance.md, before:

## TSC and WG Governance

Every Technical Steering Committee (TSC) and Working Group (WG) must have a
documented governance model that describes its basic operation. This must be
documented in the repository and referenced by the `README.md`.

## Starting a TSC or WG

A TSC or WG is established by first defining a charter that can be ratified by
the CB. A charter is a *statement of purpose*, a *list of responsibilities* and
a *list of initial membership*.

A TSC or WG needs 3 initial members. These should be individuals already
undertaking the work described in the charter.

The list of responsibilities should be specific. Once established, these
responsibilities are no longer governed by the CB and therefore should not be
broad or subjective. The only recourse the CB has over the Working Group is to
revoke the entire charter and take on the work previously done by the Working
Group themselves.

If the responsibilities described in the charter are currently undertaken by
another TSC or WG then the charter will additionally have to be ratified by that
TSC or WG.

You can submit the TSC or WG charter for ratification by sending a Pull Request
to the CB WORKING_GROUPS.md document, adding it to the list of current WGs. Once
ratified the list of members should be maintained in the TSC's or WG's README.

## Bootstrap Governance

Once the CB ratifies a charter, the TSC or WG inherits the following
documentation for governance, contribution, conduct and an MIT LICENSE. The TSC
or WG is free to change these documents through their own governance process,
hence the term "bootstrap". It is recommended when starting a TSC or WG that the
[TSC and WG Charter Template][] be used.

[TSC and WG Charter Template]: TSC-WG-Charter.md

Commit message:

Change terminology and clarifications based on project feedback

BasePolicies/Governance.md, after:

## CB, WG and Project Governance

Every technical governing body over Projects in the Foundation must have a
documented governance model that describes its basic operation. This must be
documented in the appropriate repository and referenced by the `README.md`.

## Starting a CB or WG

A Collaboration Board (CB) or Working Group (WG) is established by first
defining a charter that can be ratified by the Technical Advisory Committee
(TAC). A charter is a *statement of purpose*, a *list of responsibilities* and a
*list of initial membership*.

A technical governing body needs 3 initial members. These should be individuals
already undertaking the work described in the charter.

The list of responsibilities should be specific. The only recourse the TAC has
over a Working Group is to revoke the entire charter and take on the work
previously done by the Working Group themselves or charter a new Working Group
to take on that work.

If the responsibilities described in the charter are currently undertaken by
another governing body then the charter will additionally have to be ratified by
that governing body.

You can submit a CB or WG charter for ratification by sending a Pull Request to
the TAC's README.md for new CBs while new WGs send a Pull Request to the TAC's
WORKING_GROUPS.md document. The CB or WG is considered to be chartered once that
PR lands. Once ratified the list of members should be maintained in the CB's or
WG's README.

## Bootstrap Governance

Once the TAC ratifies a charter, the governing body inherits the following
documentation for governance, contribution, conduct and an MIT LICENSE. The governing body is free to change these documents through their own governance process,
hence the term "bootstrap". It is recommended when starting a CB or WG that the
[CB and WG Charter Template][] be used.

[CB and WG Charter Template]: CB-WG-Charter.md
