BasePolicies/ModerationPolicy.md, before:

## Working Group Moderation Policy Template

Every Working Group must have a Moderation Policy. By default,
all repositories under the Node.js GitHub Organization fall under
the [Node.js Moderation Policy][], but Working Groups can choose to
define their own alternative policy. If the Working Group does choose
it's own Moderation Policy, it must be documented in a `ModerationPolicy.md`
file located in the root of any repository under their stewardship.

Note that the Moderation Policy adopted by a Working Group will be evaluated
by the TSC prior to ratifying the WG's proposed charter. If that Code of
Conduct is considered to be weaker than, or diverges too significantly from,
the [Node.js Moderation Policy][], the TSC may defer accepting the charter until
corrections are made.

Likewise, if the WG's Moderation Policy changes after the WG has already been
chartered and the TSC determines that the updated Moderation Policy is weaker
than, or diverges too significantly from, the [Node.js Moderation Policy][], the
TSC (or any Collaborator) may request that further corrections be made by
opening an issue or a PR in the WG's repository. Should the WG choose not to
adopt the recommended changes, the TSC may choose to revoke the WGs charter.

### Template: *[insert WG name]* Moderation Policy

The [Node.js Moderation Policy] applies to this WG.

[Node.js Moderation Policy]: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/blob/master/Moderation-Policy.md

Commit message:

Initial clone from the Node.js TSC and edits to fit jQuery Foundation

BasePolicies/ModerationPolicy.md, after:

## Technical Steering Committee and Working Group Moderation Policy Template

Every Technical Steering Committee (TSC) and Working Group (WG) must have a
Moderation Policy. By default, all repositories under the jQuery Foundation
owned GitHub organizations fall under the
[jQuery Foundation Moderation Policy][], but TSCs and WGs can choose to define
their own alternative policy. If the TSC or WG does choose it's own Moderation
Policy, it must be documented in a `ModerationPolicy.md` file located in the
root of any repository under their stewardship.

Note that the Moderation Policy adopted by a TSC or WG will be evaluated by the
CB or TSC respectively prior to ratifying the proposed charter. If that
Moderation Policy is considered to be weaker than, or diverges too significantly
from, the [jQuery Foundation Moderation Policy][], the CB or TSC may defer
accepting the charter until corrections are made.

Likewise, if the Moderation Policy changes after the TSC or WG has already been
chartered and the CB or TSC determines that the updated Moderation Policy is
weaker than, or diverges too significantly from, the
[jQuery Foundation Moderation Policy][], the CB, TSC or any Collaborator may
request that further corrections be made by opening an issue or a PR in the
TSC's or WG's repository. Should the TSC or WG choose not to adopt the
recommended changes, the TSC's or WG's charter may be revoked.

### Template: *[insert WG name]* Moderation Policy

The [jQuery Foundation Moderation Policy][] applies to this WG.

[jQuery Foundation Moderation Policy]: https://github.com/jquery-foundation/CB/blob/master/Moderation-Policy.md
